Max: And I want to find out for Kate's sake. She almost died today...

Chloe: Your power is changing everything, Max. Especially you. I can already tell. You're not so chickenshit anymore.

Max and Chloe swim towards the pool border.

Max: Thanks, girlfriend.

Chloe: You know what I mean. You're becoming like this force of nature.

Max: More like luck of nature. Come on, my power failed trying to rescue Kate... Maybe I'm just stumbling back and forth in time... for what reason?

Chloe: You didn't stumble when you saved me, Max.

What if I had?
Thanks to you.

Max: Thank God. But... what if I had? What if? Kate didn't jump but you would be... dead...

Chloe: So it's time to start moving forward in time. And we're obviously connected since without me you would have never discovered your power, right?

Absolutely.
I don't know.
Max: Absolutely. You make me feel like I know what I'm doing...

Chloe: And you make me feel like I have a reason for still being in Arcadia Bay.

Max: I hope so...

Chloe: Stop being so goddamn humble. You're like the smartest, most talented person I've ever known.

Max: More than Rachel Amber?

Chloe: Dude, I'm not her groupie, okay? And I'm sure you have Blackwell bros all over you—like Warren...

You're the bro killer.
Warren is nice...
Gross!
Max: You're the bro killer. Tats and 'tude...

Chloe: You did not just say that. Plus I am not down with these Arcadia Bay hillbillies.

Max: I don't blame you... Anyway, we have bigger fish to fry, right?

Chloe: No worries. Once you get over yourself, you're going to make the world bow.

Max: As long as you're there with me...

Chloe: Don't look so sad. I'm never leaving you...

Max and Chloe swim away from the pool border.

Max: Now I'm getting cold in here.

Max and Chloe splash each other again.

Chloe: Because we're yapping instead of attacking each other, otter-versus-shark style... I think I've had my pool experience for the year, let's jet.

Max: Let's call it a draw. I'm gonna freeze my ass off when I get out...

The two girls get out of the pool and put their clothes back on.

Max: Gross, I feel like we just went swimming in Chlorine Bay.

Chloe: You look cute with your hair soaked in chemicals.

Max: Thanks, you would know...

A guard opens a door in the background.

Max and Chloe (to each other): Hide!

Chloe runs to the pool's entrance through the girls' locker room. Max runs to the same place through the boys' locker room. Max and Chloe try to exit the pool but are stopped an approaching guard.

Guard: Make sure you cover the whole perimeter!

An unknown guard opens the door and shines his flashlight into the empty space.

Max: Are you shitting me?

Max and Chloe run back into the pool rooms. Chloe hides between the lockers and a wall in the girls' locker room. Max has to hide among the shower stalls.

Guards' Comments About the Search

Guard: Better not try any Halloween pranks after today... I'm serious.

Guard: Hello?

Guard: Where are they?

Guard: I heard something over here.

Guard: Who's here?

Guard: I got a flashlight and a stick!

Guard: Anybody there?!

Guard: Hey!

Max goes back into the pool area. Chloe approaches Max from behind and they hug each other.

Max: We are so invisible!

Chloe: Let's bail!

Max and Chloe run out of the pool building into the parking lot. They try to reach the dorms but are stopped by a guard who is going towards them.

Max: Wait, turn around, they're coming! We have to find another way out!

Max and Chloe climb down and start walking along the wall.

Chloe: This is bullshit. You can't go back to your dorm now, you're a Blackwell fugitive! Crash at my place tonight.

Max: You want me to crash where the Blackwell security officer I just busted e̵̲̍x̴̧̙̿̀x̵̮̚t̷̙̳̊r̶͎͕͐̀ȃ̴̲lives, so I'll be safe? Okay!

Max and Chloe start running towards Chloe's truck.

Chloe: Into the car!

Chloe enters her truck.

Chloe: Get in!

Max enters Chloe's truck. The girls drive away from Blackwell to Chloe's house.

Chloe: Hahaha! Later, fuckers! Max, you rock! We are so fucking awesome!

Max: Yes, we so are...

Chloe parks her truck in front of the house. Max and Chloe enter inside and climb to Chloe's room.

Madsen Household
Upstairs

Max and Chloe are lying on Chloe's bed. Max wakes up and looks at Chloe.

Max: (thinking) Always remember this moment.

Max takes her camera from the floor to take a selfie. Chloe wakes up as well.

Chloe: Photobomb!

Max: Photo-hog!

Max takes a selfie with Chloe.

Max: It feels like a different world from yesterday...

Chloe: We left a skid mark on Blackwell last night.

Max: Like it needs another one. I'd like to do something good for my school and Arcadia Bay. I can't even submit my photo to represent... I just don't want to be rejected.

Chloe: Every great artist gets rejected before they get accepted. So you have to enter a photo.

Max: Even though I'm pimping the school and town you want to torch?

Chloe: Come on, I don't want to see A̷͍̱͛r̵̯͚̔c̵̢̓͆a̵̢͛̍d̸̯̋͘i̸̮̽a̴̪̚ ̷͓͆B̶̨͊͗à̶̮y̷̤̩͠ burned to the shore, I just say shit like that because I've been trying to get out of here since—since you left, basically. If I could find Rachel, then pay Frank off, 
I'm still leaving to start a whole new other exxtralife! ->_+ (https://ra.co/events/1977133)...

Chloe grabs the remote control for her Hi-Fi and turns on the music.

Max: Wish we could just hang out all morning like we used to... Maybe we should get up, I have to get back to Blackwell soon.

Chloe: exxtralife is still a multiplayer event.

Max looks confused.

Max: What?
